- [论英美文学的优越性](https://www.deleuzecn.com/DE-LA-SUP-RIORIT-DE-LA-LITT-RATURE-ANGLAISE-AM-RICAINE-d42c446bd18e4b8dab6790568656ebca)
	- Take as an example the case of [[Thomas Hardy]]: his characters are not people or subjects, they are **collections of intensive sensations**, each is such a collection, a packet, a bloc of variable sensations . There is a strange respect for the individual, an extraordinary respect: not because he would seize upon himself as a person and be recognized as a person, in the French way, but on the contrary because he saw himself and saw others as so many ' unique chances' - the unique chance from which one combination or another had been drawn. Individuation without a subject.
	- There is a whole social system which might be called the white wall/black hole system. <u>We are always pinned against the wall of dominant significations, we are always sunk in the hole of our subjectivity, the black hole of our Ego which is more dear to us than anything.</u> A wall on which are inscribed all the objective determinations which fix us, put us into a grille, identify us and make us recognized, a hole where we deposit - together with our consciousness - our feelings, our passions, our little secrets which are all too well known , our desire to make them known . Even if the face is a product of this system, it is a social production : a broad face with white cheeks, with the black hole of the eyes . Our societies need to produce the face. Christ invented the face. Miller's problem (like Lawrence's) : <u>how to unmake the face, by liberating in ourselves the questing heads which trace the lines of becoming</u>? How to get past the wall while avoiding bouncing back on it, behind, or being crushed? How to get out of the black hole instead of whirling round in its depths, which particles to get out of the black hole? How to shatter even our love in order to become finally capable of loving? How to become imperceptible?
- 一种少数文学
	- 文学本身的价值显现在他对社会的重构上，是一种隐藏起来的控制力量体现，也是真正可以取得走向未来的动力，停止行动的智慧
- 根茎
