出口


- In *Pride and Prejudice*, what is Jane Austin's **ethical concern**? And what about other her contemporary writers? 
	Wealth and class should not be the weight of man's judgement on moral right
	woman should only marry for love 
	human happiness over social hierarchy
	- In Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen's ethical concern is the societal pressure on women to marry for financial security and social standing rather than for love. The novel follows the lives of the five Bennett sisters, who must navigate this pressure while also dealing with their own personal desires and the constraints of their gender. Throughout the novel, Austen explores the consequences of marrying for convenience and the potential for true love to overcome societal expectations.

- **Form and content** which is more important in fiction writing and demonstrate you opinion by at least two works in British and American works.
	- 
- What is literature?
	I want to say that literature is philosophy, you could see that in many great writers, if we only treat literature as a study of form and also striped all other intentional fallacies, or at least, the study of literature and the the subject of literature are the exploration in philosophy. In Dostoevsky, but not Tolstoy, in Shakespeare, Emerson, Dickson, 
	And Borges expressed his philosophical vision in his work, 
	when we understand beyond the function of literature, not like Benjamin's dark view of literature as commodity(copies without original, lack of the auro of uniqueness like the past canonical works, the glorious tradition), there is something more and something passionate, living, and of vitality, it is the moment, the feeling of cold and no fire can warm, the top of my head were taken off, that is the something we want to preserve, the poetic.
	it is right to say that the philosophy is the owl of Minerva fling at dusk, always late
	linear time worldview is immature and lame, 
	and Egaleton views capitalist literature in certain era as the alternative of religion, the expanded and disintegrated Bible, 
	As we dive deep in Hamlet, we see the great tragedy of Freedom, an old story with a novel heart, the heart is the great spirit of human, and also in Macbeth, How 

- Why people was afraid of TikTok? What has been done?
	- Tiktok present the direct and naked interest of human psyche, by giving the chance to each person the opportunity to share his or her life by short video. On the basis of the wide usage of mobile phone with video shooting function, and 
	- Video is, until now, the most effective, direct, vivid media form on presenting human emotions and feelings, compared to raw context and picture. And Tiktok is focusing on social media in video form.


- 










## Archive 
- The topic of **meta-universe**, and digital economy,
	- This is the only non-Chinese import in this year’s top 10 list — both in terms of its origin and why it became a buzzword in China this year. 
	- “Metaverse” was first coined in Neal Stephenson’s 1992 science fiction novel, Snow Crash (雪崩 xuěbēng), in which humans interact with each other as avatars and with software. 
	- The word has been a top trending term on Chinese social media, and in entrepreneur and investor circles, since late October, when Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg announced the rebranding of Facebook as Meta. 
- The implication of coronavirus, **online courses** or the future online education
- **Double reduction policy**
	Ease the burden of excessive homework and off-campus tutoring for student endergoing compulsory education
	
	''Suggestions on further reducing the burden of homework and off-campus training for students in compulsory education''
	
	It aims to increase the quality of education but reduce the pressures on overworked school kids.
	
	Even though its 30 measures to rein in the education sector were announced nearly six months ago, the Double Reduction Policy was a trending word as recently as this week while its implications continue to play out in China’s education sector.
- 历史虚无主义
- 躺平与内卷
	Lying flat, or lying flat-ism (躺平主义 tǎngpíng zhǔyì), first appeared on the Chinese internet in June this year as a reaction of China’s youth to another social phenomenon in China — involution (内卷 nèijuǎn), or intense economic competition for ever scarcer resources. 
	
	Nèijuǎn was a top 10 internet buzzword of 2020 and has remained prevalent on social media and in society in 2021. 
	
	To lie flat is to choose to escape involution and high-pressure city life, to disengage from the intense social competition of China’s 996 work culture, and to opt for a life of low consumption and little social interaction. 
	
	The sting of the implicit social criticism of the word is removed in the National Language Resources Monitoring and Research Center’s buzzword list, which describes tǎngpíng as more of a temporary pause, rather than complete disengagement, an opportunity to gather energy before taking off again. 
	
	Tǎngpíng is also in the Yaowen Jiaozi list. Its take on the word is similar — as a way to “recharge and prepare to fight better tomorrow.” But it also adds that tǎngpíng is a way for young Chinese to vent their frustrations at the pressures of life and the high levels of “involuted” competition, and that “lying-flatters” (躺平族 tǎngpíngzú) understand that lying down is no way to win. 



