 

1.How would you describe yourself to someone who isn’t familiar with you？

对于不熟悉你们的人，你们会怎样介绍自己呢？

2.Which city are you from？What is special about your city？How is the city influence your music？

你们来自哪座城市呢？那座城市的特色是什么？那里对你在音乐方面有怎样对影响吗？

3.Which western band you would compare yourself to？/ Which（western）band you mostly like to play together？（二选一回答即可）

你们会把自己类比成哪支西方乐队呢？/ 你最想和哪支（西方）乐队同台演出？



1. How would you describe yourself to someone who isn’t familiar with you？

We would describe us as a group of confounded children from china, representing our living experiences by music. As general such description is, the ideas and images that we wish to express in music are also ambiguous. The ambiguity of being a Chinese and at the same time affected by diverse cultures from Internet; of being inherently emotional and overtly normal in everyday life; of being nostalgic to the warmer and more human past and passionate to the future of a post-human scene. Also the diversity is in our song-writing. In our first coming album _In search of the proof of his existence_, we tried to compose music with multiple approaches , for instance: ambient post rock, post punk, indie pop, new wave etc. Without a fixed genre we wish to make the theme clearer. The images in our songs were basically selected from daily life and some touching moments. And beyond the real-world experiences, we were more interested in their transcendental meaning and then represented them emotionally and passionately in music. Traverse the fantasy! So if there is one day this world is transformed into spiritual form, we will be the advocate of Dirt Left which means ‘let the dirt left behind’. Yes this material world sucks.

  
2.Which city are you from？What is special about your city？How is the city influence your music？

We all came from different regions of China and met in Ningbo and Internet, but there were some similarities in our memories of the images of hometown. The image of a new and grey city with old heart and people. And there always a state-owned industrial enterprise lies in the center of the city and almostly go bankrupt. Some of the old beautiful buildings were designed by engineers from former Soviet Union. But due to the progress of modernization, old buildings were always in the process of being torn down, the sound of trucks and the printed red signs of "Chai(demolish)" can be found everywhere and everyday. The bleak factories and desolate atomesphere have forged the basic impression of our common hometown, a running China. But people cannot always catch up with the speed of a nation, especially spirituallly.
Our parents and the neighbors were grew up and lived in the age of collective, therefore they treasured their memories when people would called each other 'comrade'. A warm place with idealistic people. So romantic, better than this grey and monotonic world. Just like Joy Division and their Manchester. I believe that we have the same vision and opinion about city. Isolated, ambiguous and insecure.


3.Which western band you would compare yourself to？

I think our music reflect dual characters and sometimes even more. One of the characters is passionate, emotional and innocent. The other is sort of sober, reflective and hesitant. As for western band, we like New Order and Molchat Doma, in which this similar duality can be found. And some more band we do really admire like Athletics and Foals. 

